Update basic/simulate (#20)
OI-wiki/i18n: docs/basic/simulate.md

> Simulation, as the name implies, is the operation that computers use to simulate the process required in the question. Similar to NOIP 2014's [Big Bang version rock paper scissors] (https://uoj.ac/problem/15) (original link in Chinese), coding according to the meaning of the title would be fine.

Reviewer: > is the operation that computers use to simulate the process

这里原文说的是用计算机模拟题目中的操作，而不是翻译的计算机用来模拟这个过程的操作
:thinking:

Reviewer: > coding according to the meaning of the **title** would be fine.

这里原文是题面鸭

Author: soga..我看到题面疑惑了好久lol

> Of course, simulations are not always easy to write. See classic questions like [World of Warcraft] (http://bailian.openjudge.cn/practice/3750/) and [pig kingdom kill] (https://loj.ac/problem /2885) for reference.

Reviewer: 统一 problems 吧

> Simulation questions usually have large code size, many operations, and complicated ideas. And because of its large amount of code, the debugging process is really difficult. If you write errors during the competition, it would be quite a waste of time.

Reviewer: 思路 logic？

write error -> made mistakes
```suggestion
Simulation questions usually have large code size, many operations, and complicated logics. And because of its large amount of code, the debugging process is really difficult. Therefore, it would be quite time-consuming if you made mistakes during contests.
```

> Therefore, for simulation questions, following the suggestions below may help you improve the speed:

Reviewer: the following suggestions

> 1. Before writing the code, write as much as possible on the scratch paper to implement the process;

Reviewer: 这句翻译有点怪 翻译成在纸上实现了？

Author: > 在草纸上尽可能地写好要实现的流程

这里要不用 “write as much logic of the process you are about to implement as possible on scratch paper ” ?
感觉有点长且乱 :thinking:

Reviewer: Write down the process of your implementation on your scratch paper as complete as possible?

2. In the code, try to modularize each part as a function, structure, or class;
3. For some concepts that may be reused, they can be transformed in a unified way so they are easier to handle: for example, if a question gives you "YY-MM-DD hour:minute", processing it in a function into seconds format will help reduce confusion;
4. When debugging, debug in blocks. The advantage of modularity is that it is convenient to adjust a certain part separately;

> 5. When writing the code, think clearly. Do not think intuitively, instead, write the solution step by step on paper and follow it.

Reviewer: 不是写在纸上啊 qwq

Author: > 要按照落在纸上的步骤写

不知道具体改咋翻了.. :skull: "Follow the logic you write on the scratch paper and code it"?

Reviewer: Follow what you have written on the scratch paper? :thinking:

Author: 🉑 :+1:
